; CUDA architectures this solver ships native SASS for.
;
; SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH. Every consumer derives from this file and nothing
; restates the list:
;
;   * the Makefile beside it, which is the only Linux build path (cargo,
;     Docker and every CI workflow reach it through ppf-cts-solver/build.rs),
;   * build-win-native/build.bat, the Windows native build,
;   * ppf-cts-core's SUPPORTED_SM, generated by its build.rs, which is the
;     gate check_gpu() applies before a run starts,
;   * the shipped-architecture text main.cu prints when it rejects a device.
;
; A build file that names an architecture instead of deriving it here fails the
; solver build: arch_literal_guard in ppf-cts-solver/build.rs walks every
; Makefile and .bat under the CUDA source and the native Windows build, and
; rejects a digit after -arch= or code=, which is what a literal looks like and
; what a variable expansion does not. It discovers those files rather than
; listing them, so a build file added later is covered without being registered
; anywhere.
;
; Adding a GPU generation is one line here plus a rebuild; removing one is the
; same edit. Both build paths, the runtime gate and the build-time check of the
; artifact all read this file, so none of them can disagree with another.
;
; A consumer that cannot read this file, or that parses no cubin line from it,
; must fail loudly rather than proceed on an empty list. An empty list would
; build an image with no device code and reject every GPU at run time, and both
; failures would point away from the missing file that caused them.
;
; Comments use ';' because cmd.exe's `for /f` treats it as end-of-line by
; default, so build.bat reads this file with no extra filtering. Blank lines
; are skipped by every consumer.
;
; floor  Virtual architecture the objects are compiled to, as the -dlto IR.
;        Device LTO cannot embed JIT-able PTX, so this is a floor rather than a
;        fallback: the image runs on the cubins listed below and nothing else.
;        SASS is forward compatible within a major version only, so a cubin
;        covers a device of the same major whose minor is at or above it.
; cubin  One native SASS cubin, by compute capability (major * 10 + minor).

floor 61

cubin 61
cubin 75
cubin 86
cubin 89
cubin 90
cubin 100
cubin 120
